Global CMake for tutorials (#91)
kokkos/kokkos-tutorials: README.md

cmake --build build_cuda
```

For a AMD gpu, using gpu arch autodetection:

```shell
cmake -B build_hip -DKokkos_ENABLE_HIP=ON
cmake --build build_hip
```

Kokkos setup is covered by the [quickstart guide](https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/quick-start.html) and an exhaustive
Kokkos options are described in [CMake options](https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/configuration-guide.html).

## Advanced CMake Usage

> CMake can build against an installed Kokkos library or download one automatically using `FetchContent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake can build against an existing Kokkos installation or download the source files automatically using `FetchContent`.
```

cmake --build build_cuda
```

For an AMD GPU with autodetection of the GPU architecture:

```shell
cmake -B build_hip -DKokkos_ENABLE_HIP=ON
cmake --build build_hip
```

Kokkos setup is covered by the [quickstart guide](https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/quick-start.html) and an exhaustive list of Kokkos options is detailed in the [CMake keywords documentation](https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/configuration-guide.html).

## Advanced CMake Usage

CMake can build against an existing Kokkos installation or download the source files automatically using `FetchContent`.

To pass an already installed Kokkos library, you can use classical CMake variables,
such as `Kokkos_ROOT`, or `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`.

A specific CMake option, `CMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_Kokkos`, can be used to force the use of the internal Kokkos
library, discarding any already installed Kokkos.

An opposite option, `CMAKE_REQUIRE_FIND_PACKAGE_Kokkos` can prevent Kokkos from being downloaded and is useful to
test against an already installed Kokkos.

```shell
# Download and build Kokkos and the tutorials, forcing the use of the internal Kokkos

> cmake -B build_dir -DCMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_Kokkos=ON # -DKokkos_* options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cmake -B build_dir -DCMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_Kokkos=ON
```

For consistency.
